CUMULUS-2385 Skip initial file write in workflows (#2168)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

      of returning `none` when the operation did not return output.
  - **CUMULUS-2309**
    - Removed `@cumulus/api/models/granule.unpublishAndDeleteGranule` in favor of `@cumulus/api/lib/granule-remove-from-cmr.unpublishGranule` and `@cumulus/api/lib/granule-delete.deleteGranuleAndFiles`.
  - **CUMULUS-2385**

>     - Updated `sf-event-sqs-to-db-records` to write a granule's files to PostgreSQL only after the workflow has exited the `Running` status.

Reviewer: We should probably explciitly caveat that this *also* updates the user workflow-includeable version of this lambda's behavior.

Author: That's a good point. What about something like this?

https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/pull/2168/commits/c1c76d01d2dc99d7ba9eaa04f53a0f7323148931

>     - Updated `sf-event-sqs-to-db-records` to write a granule's files to PostgreSQL only after the workflow has exited the `Running` status. Any workflow that uses this functionality will be impacted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Updated `sf-event-sqs-to-db-records` to write a granule's files to PostgreSQL only after the workflow has exited the `Running` status.    Please note that any workflow that uses `sf_sqs_report_task` for mid-workflow updates will be impacted.
```

Author: Ah, that's really helpful. Thanks!

      of returning `none` when the operation did not return output.
  - **CUMULUS-2309**
    - Removed `@cumulus/api/models/granule.unpublishAndDeleteGranule` in favor of `@cumulus/api/lib/granule-remove-from-cmr.unpublishGranule` and `@cumulus/api/lib/granule-delete.deleteGranuleAndFiles`.
  - **CUMULUS-2385**

>     - Update `sf-event-sqs-to-db-records` to write a granule's files to Postgres

Reviewer 2: This is a super nit but I _think_ to be consistent, we should write this as:
```suggestion
    - Updated `sf-event-sqs-to-db-records` to write a granule's files to Postgres
```

Author: Ah yeah, sure thing. Also updated `Postgres` to `PostgreSQL` for consistency.

    - Updated PDR and Granule writes to check the step function
    workflow_start_time against the createdAt field for each record to
    ensure old records do not overwrite newer ones for legacy Dynamo and

>     PostgreSQL writes

Reviewer: Is this a convention we're adopting across the board?    I think I'd used Postgres, generally in the documentation.

Author: Yeah, in the change log it's all (or almost all) `PostgreSQL`. Here I'm just conforming to what's there. Happy to change it but it should probably be consistent so I'd change all references in the change log to `Postgres`. 

PostgreSQL is a bit more formal I suppose but I don't feel strongly either way.

Reviewer: Ugh, ditto.
